# embedded-files-in-HTML-app
Will be adding samples of various embedding methods with Data URI, from JQuery CSS to MP3 music players.

Most will be client side decompression ready made with compressors on www.scriptcompress.com

Drag & drop files to http://www.scriptcompress.com/base64.htm to get your Data URI/URL.

Binary data can be encoded with Base64. Base64 is a group of similar binary-to-text encoding schemes that represent binary data in an ASCII string format by translating it into a radix-64 representation. The term Base64 originates from a specific MIME content transfer encoding. Base64 encoding schemes are commonly used when there is a need to encode binary data that needs to be stored and transferred over media that is designed to deal with textual data. This is to ensure that the data remains intact without modification during transport. Base64 is commonly used in a number of applications, including email via MIME, and storing complex data in XML.
When decoding Base64 text, four characters are typically converted back to three bytes. The only exceptions are when padding characters exist. A single '=' indicates that the four characters will decode to only two bytes, while '==' indicates that the four characters will decode to only a single byte.
Base64 encoding can be helpful when fairly lengthy identifying information is used in an HTTP environment. For example, a database persistence framework for Java objects might use Base64 encoding to encode a relatively large unique id (generally 128-bit UUIDs) into a string for use as an HTTP parameter in HTTP forms or HTTP GET URLs. Also, many applications need to encode binary data in a way that is convenient for inclusion in URLs, including in hidden web form fields, and Base64 is a convenient encoding to render them in a compact way.
Base64 can be used in a variety of contexts: Base64 can be used to transmit and store text that might otherwise cause delimiter collision Base64 is used for source code obfuscation in (mostly) interpreted languages. Base64 is used to encode character strings and escape code in JavaScript and other MIME. Base64 is often used to embed binary data in an XML file, using a syntax similar to <data encoding="base64">…</data> e.g. favicons in Firefox's exported bookmarks.html. Base64 is used to encode binary files such as images within scripts, to avoid depending on external files. The data URI scheme can use Base64 to represent file contents. For instance, background images and fonts can be specified in a CSS stylesheet file as data: URIs, instead of being supplied in separate files.
